Redefine user code interaction methods (#389)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

code (string)
: REQUIRED. A unique short code that the user

>               can type into a static URL. This string MUST be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              can type into a web page. This string MUST be
```
